Today, we're here with Sebastian,
because there's one important thing about
the unscented Kalman filter we haven't explained yet.
Sebastian, could you tell us why the unscented Kalman filter is called unscented.
Okay. So, I'm Sebastian,
I'm lived long time,
old enough to witness these early stories.
A long time ago, two grad students,
which invented the unscented filter,
called unscented because they felt that the extended Kalman filter stinks,
and they felt it stinks because they were deeply
dissatisfied by linear rising among this one operating point.
And further, if you sample this,
then you would get a much better estimate of what the better linearization look like.
The fact that the adviser, turns out,
was a very religious person,
believing in the extent of Kalman filter,
and there was a bit of a fight going on and
the students that personally practice on their own without
the fairy adviser called it specifically unscented to
make this point loud and clear to the entire world that the old stuff,
the extended Kalman filter stinks.
That's a nice story.
Yeah. Now, we know why linearization stinks.
And I hate Jacobians,
let this be on record, I don't like Jacobians.
I think we can all agree.